README.md, before:

# viewpoint-cssp-portal

This is the VIEWpoint-CSSP portal. It is a work-in-progress.

-   Completed:
    -   skeleton of website
    -   navigation (components also available for use in SUHI and WRM)
    -   links to SUHI and WRM demonstrators
    -   catalogue
    -   about page
    -   skeleton of training materials
    -   draft explainers
    -   proof of concept for glossary
-   To do list includes (in no particular order and possibly incomplete):
    -   add IEA and UoR logos in footer
    -   translations where required
    -   review all images and reduce physical size
    -   further browser and responsiveness testing

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

## Serving on GitHub Pages

```
bash deploy.sh
```

-   **Important** Requires the `gh-pages` branch in the repo.
-   This does an `npm run build` and then commits and pushes to the `gh-pages`
    branch of the repo.
-   Don't forget to remove `/dist` from `.gitignore` before running.

## Generating the Catalogue JSON from Zotero

The conversion routine has been written in Python and can be found in the
`python` directory.

-   In Zotero, select the Export Menu option from the File menu.

    -   Use the BibLaTeX option and ensure the character encoding is Unicode
        (UTF-8). Leave the other options unchecked.

-   Check the filenames and paths are correct for the source `.bib` and the
    target `.txt` in `convert_bib_to_json.py` and run the program.

    -   To show it's working, it echoes the expected number of entries, the
        entry IDs as they're being converted, and ends with a count of the
        converted entries - which should match the first number.

-   Move or copy the generated `.txt` file to this repo's `/public` directory if
    the path wasn't set explicitly.

    -   Rename the file to `catalogue.txt` if required.

-   **Don't forget to update the repo** with these changes. Although it is not
    necessary to rebuild the website to update the Catalogue, it is important to
    keep the repo up-to-date in case someone ever needs to rebuild the website.

-   **To update the website**

    -   Either just copy `catalogue.txt` into the root of the `gh-pages` branch
        of the repo
    -   Or follow the instruction above to rebuild for serving on GitHub Pages.
    -   Check the website to ensure the Catalogue has the expected number of
        entries. You may need to do a hard refresh (shift-F5), just in case the
        page has been cached in your browser.

## Generating the Glossary from a spreadsheet

-   Remove any unnecessary rows and columns from the worksheet to leave a header
    row and the glossary rows. The column headers themselves can be anything but
    the expected columns are:
    -   the term in English,
    -   its definition in English,
    -   the term translated into Mandarin,
    -   a fuller explanation in Mandarin,
    -   any comments.
-   Save the worksheet as a CSV file called `glossary.csv` in this repo's
    `/public` directory.

-   **Don't forget to update the repo** with the change. Although it is not
    necessary to rebuild the website to update the Glossary, it is important to
    keep the repo up-to-date in case someone ever needs to rebuild the website.

-   **To update the website**

    -   Either just copy `glossary.csv` into the root of the `gh-pages` branch
        of the repo
    -   Or follow the instruction above to rebuild for serving on GitHub Pages.
    -   Check the website to ensure the Glossary has been updated. You may need
        to do a hard refresh (shift-F5), just in case the page has been cached
        in your browser.

Commit message:

Remove list of completed items and update list of todo items

README.md, after:

# viewpoint-cssp-portal

This is the VIEWpoint-CSSP portal. It is a work-in-progress.

-   To do list includes (in no particular order and possibly incomplete):
    -   translations where required
    -   review all images and reduce physical size
    -   continuing browser and responsiveness testing
    -   final versions of PDFs, remove 'Draft's
    -   video IDs, video resolution selector
    -   add audiocast
    -   proper page not found for invalid /page

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

## Serving on GitHub Pages

```
bash deploy.sh
```

-   **Important** Requires the `gh-pages` branch in the repo.
-   This does an `npm run build` and then commits and pushes to the `gh-pages`
    branch of the repo.
-   Don't forget to remove `/dist` from `.gitignore` before running.

## Generating the Catalogue JSON from Zotero

The conversion routine has been written in Python and can be found in the
`python` directory.

-   In Zotero, select the Export Menu option from the File menu.

    -   Use the BibLaTeX option and ensure the character encoding is Unicode
        (UTF-8). Leave the other options unchecked.

-   Check the filenames and paths are correct for the source `.bib` and the
    target `.txt` in `convert_bib_to_json.py` and run the program.

    -   To show it's working, it echoes the expected number of entries, the
        entry IDs as they're being converted, and ends with a count of the
        converted entries - which should match the first number.

-   Move or copy the generated `.txt` file to this repo's `/public` directory if
    the path wasn't set explicitly.

    -   Rename the file to `catalogue.txt` if required.

-   **Don't forget to update the repo** with these changes. Although it is not
    necessary to rebuild the website to update the Catalogue, it is important to
    keep the repo up-to-date in case someone ever needs to rebuild the website.

-   **To update the website**

    -   Either just copy `catalogue.txt` into the root of the `gh-pages` branch
        of the repo
    -   Or follow the instruction above to rebuild for serving on GitHub Pages.
    -   Check the website to ensure the Catalogue has the expected number of
        entries. You may need to do a hard refresh (shift-F5), just in case the
        page has been cached in your browser.

## Generating the Glossary from a spreadsheet

-   Remove any unnecessary rows and columns from the worksheet to leave a header
    row and the glossary rows. The column headers themselves can be anything but
    the expected columns are:
    -   the term in English,
    -   its definition in English,
    -   the term translated into Mandarin,
    -   a fuller explanation in Mandarin,
    -   any comments.
-   Save the worksheet as a CSV file called `glossary.csv` in this repo's
    `/public` directory.

-   **Don't forget to update the repo** with the change. Although it is not
    necessary to rebuild the website to update the Glossary, it is important to
    keep the repo up-to-date in case someone ever needs to rebuild the website.

-   **To update the website**

    -   Either just copy `glossary.csv` into the root of the `gh-pages` branch
        of the repo
    -   Or follow the instruction above to rebuild for serving on GitHub Pages.
    -   Check the website to ensure the Glossary has been updated. You may need
        to do a hard refresh (shift-F5), just in case the page has been cached
        in your browser.
